add landing sound to f22
add take off sound to f22
add take off sound to all helis
add minigun to f22 to target helis
make all missiles explode on impact
add repair anmation to nod arifield (crew that gets out and repairs)
add rearm animation to nod airfiled (crane that lands missiles)
exploit stances to be used as special abilities
make new window for research
make command center to build UAV and radar planes from out side the map
remove research from command centers
fix f22 trail to fit the engine position
add cranes to service depots that come from the ground and repair
make new Drowning animation for infantry in the water, make new dummy unit that will replace infantry in the water after impact death, dummy unit will use the new animation and die over time (2 secs)(edited)
add animals: underwater shadow of shark (when dummy infantry in the water, nearby shark will attack) sheep, cow, eagle, seagull
add selection sounds to buildings

REDO outpost vehicle model

edit sov barracks to look like an armory,  add a gdi version of allied tent with red cross on it (this will be the equevelent of nod armory)
add fence crushing sound
make engineers to be able to crush fences
make fences electro kill infantry
add power off\on button
add new overlays for offline power
enlarge the minimap and build menu ingame
add kanes wrath stats(health, damage, armor,weapon types, ect)
add some music tracks from retaliation
wait for the openra team to fix the problem with the navy turret AND add some temporary navy units.
add break of sound visual and audio effect to f22 when it gets at CruiseAltitude also speed bonus.
make engineers repair slowly buildings and disable abbility to enter for repair.
add small bomb to f22 to hit ground targets.
fix create shadow.
add tooltip to creates.
add "area" building, this building will shoot at the center of it allied units,and then change owner to the owner of the building.
add background image of doctrine in the prudaction menu of each faction.
add radar background of each faction (red nod logo, purple nod color ect)
fix city buildings geting behind other units instead of front of them.
add voice of flamewhel

add light effect for each type of tiberium TGD is above it
add damage and dead animation to TGD
add overlayidle animation to port
add mouse over scqare show up in port building
add renegate


add civilians with some geverment pick or afiliation left right wind or center?
add life form side, stron in tiberium, can mutate other lifes, upgrade system with dna icons

add faction to gdi that is more tank related, and insteed of commando add the artemys tank